This is a script to generate a bypass password for an HP Omnibook 300.  If you
don't know or have forgotten your lock password, press alt+shift+F10 when 
prompted for a password.  A one-time code will be displayed.  Provide this as
the only argument to `obpass.py` to get the corresponding password.

A lookup table is also provided in lut.txt.  Start with column 1, find the
first char of the bypass password and then use the value in the 'chr' column
on the same row.  Repeat for

The script `obtable.py` generates a table that can be used to convert the 
values in CMOS memory by hand. The output is also provided in lut.txt.
Given plaintext in column 2, the corresponding char is stored in memory
for a given character position (1-8).  For example, if the stored password
starts with 1, S is the value stored.  For some values multiple plaintext
values are valid.  If M is stored for the first char in CMOS memory,
entering + or V will be accepted.  The reverse can also be done for a
displayed bypass/recovery password.  Find the chars of the displayed
password in columns 1-8 and use the corresponding value in the chr column
on the same row.

The password is not case-sensitive.  The function to generate the one-time
password operates similarly to how it stores a user password in CMOS and
OBMGM.DAT. The difference being that the one-time password is bounded 
to show only upper-case letters and numbers.

The password for an Omnibook 300 is stored in volatile CMOS memory starting at
0x36, with a simple checksum after.  The password is also stored in OBMGM.DAT
at the root of your writeable boot storage.  To remove a password you don't 
know just plug the card/drive in a different machine and remove this file.  
After the internal supercaps discharge, boot up and there should no longer
be a prompt for a password.  Ownership data and other settings will also be
reset as those are only stored in the DAT file.  If you only allow the caps
to discharge, the ROM card that you're forced to boot from will read OBMGM.DAT
and restore the password to CMOS memory.

